Issue 316:  fixing bugs (#449)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/SRU/howto/standard.rst

    wish, you can follow progress through the :ref:`SRU pipeline
    <explanation-sru-pipeline>` using the various :ref:`status pages
    <reference-status-pages>`.
8.  If you find a problem while it's still unapproved, asking in the

>     Matrix `#ubuntu-release` channel for the package to be rejected

Reviewer: The channel is `#sru:ubuntu.com`.

I would also suggest rewording this to something like:

"If you find a problem while it's still unapproved, ask the SRU team to reject the upload. You can contact the SRU team in `#sru:ubuntu.com` on Matrix."

>     reject the upload. You can contact the SRU team in #sru:ubuntu.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    reject the upload. You can contact the SRU team in {matrix}`sru`
```
